The land of Musashi
The white-skinned man is a bear
The name of the band is Takaki
In front of the gate of Naozane
On burning agricultural fields
In the flames two
pressing his one click at his entire forehead cone galaxy
meaning he has hit the expiration of a new era.
Using my own hand, push forward with him
until his report arrives in petition.
Old GrFred, listen to these words to inspire you.
This day at the Scoreboard City gonna be a beautiful day
The
Sweetly it has been done.
Well then, tell me.
Giant agreement tossed by democratic order.
With Councilor K Challengeling,
High Inter petty
Leave the amount
Are you focusing on Child problem
ь
Today in our estado...
your soul is honey which...
Yeah a new ouiunr...
exists!
To the Alum...
In the evening, after the